hi today I will be showing you how to
make a box braids um what I usually um
what I wanna see it has like mini strand
you can find the full i bought at
walmart for five dollars oh thank you I
bet you could buy at any craft store
okay so grab this the same pieces of
strand grab two pieces of string and so
it could be eight equally
okay now grab a strand
and put it on
and um put it over your finger so we can
select be like make a loop what
so it could turn out like this music
right there grab your second legs and
put it under both of the loop
now calculate where the mineral is up
so I good okay now grab your right knee
and then put it over the right lube and
under the left loop ok so it stops now
starts looking like this now grab your
left gala strand put it over the left
loop and under the right loop so gonna
like this ok now gently put it off your
finger
and then pull
pull gently so they won't turn out
weird like this
and that is how you start a box great